6799 fix route (#6970)
QwikDev/qwik: .changeset/twenty-radios-camp.md

---

> '@builder.io/qwik-city': major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@builder.io/qwik-city': patch
```

---

> fix: a bug while using rewrite routes pointing to the same file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple rewrite routes pointing to the same route is no longer an error.
```
